| Input Name         | Input Type | Input Source     | Input Objective/Path    | 
| ---                | ---        | ---              | ---                     | 
| 'Raw Message'      | storage    | message.raw      | smithed.actionbar:input | 
| 'JSON Message'     | storage    | message.json     | smithed.actionbar:input | 
| 'Priority Level'   | storage    | message.priority | smithed.actionbar:input | 
| 'Message Duration' | storage    | message.freeze   | smithed.actionbar:input | 


## Instead of using `/title` to display the message, set up the input storage and run the following command:# ```mcfunction# function #smithed.actionbar:message# ```# ## Message# Messages can be set as strings or as json objects. To set a string, use `raw`, and to# set a JSON object, use `json`. Below are examples for both types of messages. # If both fields are set, the json object is shown.  # ### **Example of Raw Message** # ```mcfunction# data modify storage smithed.actionbar:input message set value {raw:'hello world', priority: 'persistent'}# ```# ### **Example of JSON Message**# ```mcfunction# data modify storage smithed.actionbar:input message set value {json:'{"text":"You cannot complete this action!", "color": "red"}', priority: 'notification'}# ```# ## Priority# Priorities are set via specific strings. The list below shows the priority in descending order, # so for example notifications will show over conditional messages.# * `override`: This is the highest priority and will always override the current message, no matter what.# * `notification`: This is for brief, non-repeating, notification type messages, #                   such as the vanilla "You can't sleep now" message.# * `conditional`: This should be used for any message which will display constantly on a condition. #                  A good example is displaying a compass HUD while you hold a compass or showcasing the amount of XP#                  in a nearby tank. This doesn't include any persistent messages which toggle via a config option!# * `persistent`: This is the lowest priority message and is designated for messages which always displays #                 (or displays continously if a config value is set). You can think of this as a custom ui display #                 such as in Manic or even the Vanilla Tweaks coordinate HUD which always displays.  # ## Message Duration# Additionally, you can also set a `freeze` field in the storage space. # This will deteremine how many ticks your message should be protected against other messages with the same priority. # By default, this field is set to 20, which corresponds to 1 second.# ```mcfunction# data modify storage smithed.actionbar:message input set value {raw:'Random Event!', priority: 'notification', freeze: 30}# ```# The freeze value has a minimum value of 0 and a maximum value of 50.